docs: Update `CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md` to Contributor Covenant v2.1 (#705)
Doist/reactist: CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md

## Our Pledge

> We as members, contributors, and leaders pledge to make participation in our community a harassment-free experience for everyone, regardless of age, body size, visible or invisible disability, ethnicity, sex characteristics, gender identity and expression, level of experience, education, socio-economic status, nationality, personal appearance, race, caste, color, religion, or sexual identity and orientation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We as members, contributors, and leaders pledge to participate in a harassment-free experience for everyone in our community, regardless of age, body size, visible or invisible disability, ethnicity, sex characteristics, gender identity and expression, level of experience, education, socio-economic status, nationality, personal appearance, race, caste, color, religion, or sexual identity and orientation.
```

-   The use of sexualized language or imagery, and sexual attention or advances of any kind
-   Trolling, insulting or derogatory comments, and personal or political attacks
-   Public or private harassment
-   Publishing others' private information, such as a physical or email address, without their explicit permission
-   Other conduct which could reasonably be considered inappropriate in a professional setting

## Enforcement Responsibilities

Community leaders are responsible for clarifying and enforcing our standards of acceptable behavior and will take appropriate and fair corrective action in response to any behavior that they deem inappropriate, threatening, offensive, or harmful.

> Community leaders have the right and responsibility to remove, edit, or reject comments, commits, code, wiki edits, issues, and other contributions that are not aligned to this Code of Conduct, and will communicate reasons for moderation decisions when appropriate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Community leaders have the right and responsibility to remove, edit, or reject comments, commits, code, wiki edits, issues, and other contributions that are not aligned with this Code of Conduct, and will communicate reasons for moderation decisions when appropriate.
```
